1. What data types do each of these values represent? 
    1. String
    2. Integer 
    3. Date
    4. Floating point
    5. Floating point/money 

2. Explain when a database would be used. Explain when a text file would be used. 
    A database would be used when you need a way to store data that makes it easy to search for specific
    data, that can handle multiple applications accessing the data, and when you want your data to persist 
    beyond the end of a particular application process. A text file can be used when your data is only 
    something that needs to be accessed temporarily, such as in a variable during a program, or if there 
    is no need to regularly change the data. 

3. Describe one difference between SQL and other programming languages. 
    SQL is a declarative language, rather than a procedural language. 

4. In your own words, explain how the pieces of a database system fit together at a high level.
    All of the pieces of a database fit together to help people store and retrieve specific information 
    from a table. 

5. Explain the meaning of table, row, column, and value.
    Table: Where all of the data is stored 
    Row: Represents all of the data related to one specific data entry 
    Column: The columns are the categories that label what data the table contains 
    Value: The specific data in one cell, some piece of into that the column name describes 

6. List three data types that can be used in a table.
    String, number, date 

7. Given this payments table, provide an English description of the following queries and their results.
    A. I'm looking for the date and amount from the payments table. 
       Output: All rows for the date and amount columns on the payments table. 
    B. I'm looking for the amount from the payments table that are greater than 500.
       Output: All values on the payments table that are greater than 500. 
    C. I am looking for all the data from the payments table whose payee is Mega Foods. 
       Output: All values from the table that has Mega Foods in the payee column. 

8. Given this users table, write SQL queries using the following criteria and include the output:
    A. The email and sign-up date for the user named DeAndre Data 
        SELECT email, signup 
        FROM users 
        WHERE name = 'DeAndre Data';
        Output: 'datad@comcast.net', 2008-01-20
    B. The user ID for the user with email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'
        SELECT userid 
        FROM users
        WHERE email = 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu';
        Output: 1
    C. All the columns for the user ID equal to 4
        SELECT *
        FROM users 
        WHERE userid = 4;
        Output: 4, 'Brandy Boolean', 'bboolean@nasa.gov', 1999-10-15